Where did that bastard come from?
How dare you curse the owner here?
This is a boy.
Jiang Shen Yi's medical doubts.
Who brought this guy?
Take him out for me, not my sister, the hero I invited.
He's passed out.
If not, give him a chance.
How can I take care of my grandfather's health?
Find an outsider and let him try.
What good are you to a boy who doesn't have a long beard?
More than a beard.
On the contrary, I feel that the goat's beard is better than the beard of this Jiang god doctor.
Why don't we bring a goat to cure Mr. Wang?
The stupid child.
What do you know about medicine?
He taught me how to make an axe in front of the old man.
Do you understand medicine?
Events and Events
Will Dr. Giang bet with me?
You can bet on anything with the Giang Hien.
Prince Sucheng
Jiangshan is famous
Are you afraid that I am an unknown?
You only have appearance.
Unrestrained.
Angry at shame.
Jiang Chen, you dare not bet.
Do you know that you are not a god?
We almost lost.
How to bet?
This kid's too arrogant.
Make this bet.
Royal please, next wish you no worries.
Try your best
The old master today will clear a battle with this arrogant boy of yours.
The old man's condition is fine.
The key was that after the treatment, the brother's blood could not escape in the blood.
Maybe in the hand.
Maybe even in the arm.
My responsibility can be
As a traffic cop and your healing ability.
Bruise marks
It's amazing the horns of the Wang's parents.
arranged is
Tell me how to read.
Our king will be with us to the end.
It's very simple.
If it cannot be cured
I need your whole family to apologize.
But Zhang the god of medicine healed Ye Chen, and I knelt down and crawled out from your royal house.